Job Description : Marketing Manager

Ceragon Networks Ltd. (NASDAQ: CRNT) is the global innovator and leading solutions provider of 5G wireless transport for Communication Service Providers and Private Networks worldwide. We assist our customers increase operational efficiency.

We are seeking a Vertical Segment Marketing Manager for Security, who will be a key player in our dynamic marketing team, leading the development and execution of strategic marketing initiatives for the specific vertical market. You will be responsible for understanding the unique trends and characteristics of the assigned industry, identifying key opportunities and challenges, and crafting targeted content and marketing campaigns to drive brand awareness, customer acquisition, and revenue growth.

Job Requirements

Qualifications:

    Bachelor's degree in marketing, Business, or a related field. MBA is a plus.
    Proven experience in marketing, with a focus on vertical markets.
    In-depth knowledge of Oil and Gas sector.
    Strong strategic thinking and analytical skills.
    Excellent writing, communication, and interpersonal skills.
    Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a cross-functional team environment.

Skills:

    Ability to handle multiple projects at the same time.
    Organization and time management skills.
    Excellent presentation, written and verbal communication skills.
    Self-motivated with good organization and planning skills.
    Must have good people skills and be able to develop good working relationships with sales staff, full marketing team, customers, partners, etc.
    Good negotiation, communication, and problem-solving skills required.
    Experience in the telecom industry a plus.



Job Description: Senior Brand Manager Pepsi

In this position you will be developing and executing Pepsi marketing plan in Romania to deliver volume and profit objectives, by managing assigned brands, projects, budgets, P&Ls and by creating proactive action plans as response to market dynamics.


Job Requirements

Qualifications

Experience Required:

    Minimum 6 years business experience, of which 4 years in a Leading Brand Management function;
    University degree;
    English – advanced level;
    Fully PC literate. 

Required Skills:

    Strategic thinking - creative, autonomous, results-oriented, with high-capacity leadership to influence others, ensure teamwork, and build strong relationships. 
    Strong Business Knowledge and Skills – able to understand different business realities, how P&L works, assess customers & consumer needs and develop plans to address key business objectives
    Digital Marketing expertise: constantly updated on new trends, social media expert, knowledge and awareness of best cases from brands around the globe-brand management perspective, understanding of consumer insights, media planning, ability to deal with consumers and customers.
    Analytical skills – create robust analysis and meaningful insights to drive actions and highlight opportunities 
    Excellent communication skills - engage and influence multiple stakeholders to build strong working relationships and take others with you. 
    Cross-cultural abilities - able to understand different stakeholders needs, develop aligned plans in environments of diversity and uncertainty, and work with a positive “make it happen” attitude. [multiple languages is beneficial but not necessary]
    Project management – ability to manage multiple projects in a fast moving and ever-changing environment with maturity and foresight to cope with input and changes, sometimes at the last minute.
    Inspire others – ability to engage broad range of stakeholders both through compilation of compelling and persuasive presentations and ability to deliver.
    Innovative and entrepreneurial - keen interest in brand engagement platforms, digital business models and new technology advances
    Collaborative and honest – work with integrity as a valuable member of the virtual European team, sharing best practice and building on others work to drive synergy, agility and pace of change across the sector.

Job Descrption : Mecanic pentru Reparații Utilaje de Construcții

Required skills:

	Experiență anterioară în diagnosticarea și repararea sistemelor mecanice la utilaje de construcții.
Disponibilitatea la deplasări pe șantierele din țară.
Cunoștințe solide în domeniul mecanicii și a componentelor mecanice.
Abilitatea de a lucra atât individual, cât și în echipă.
Atitudine proactivă și orientată către rezultate.

Job Description :  Qualifications and Desired Skills 


 High school diploma or equivalent required 
 1-3 years’ experience in credentialing and privileging, within an acute healthcare setting is preferred 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Office 



