Job details
Customer Care Advisor with Italian & English
Confidential salary
Entry (0-2 years)
Remote job
Full time; 5 vacancies; 9:00 - 21:00, Monday-Sunday


Join our newest support team in Romania as a Customer Care Advisor with Italian & English!

 

What we expect from the ideal candidate:

Advanced (C1) level of Italian, Medium (B2) level of English

Availability for a full-time schedule: Monday-Sunday, 09:00-21:00

Availability to work from home, anywhere in Romania

Education level: minimum BAC degree

Desired skills, competencies and knowledge:


Technical knowledge and expertise:

Professional and/or personal technical troubleshooting experience

Familiarity with iOS and/or macOS, or comparable technology, is preferred

Deep curiosity for understanding technology, passion for learning more and sharing knowledge with others

Uses analytical skills to isolate and resolve complex technical issues through appropriate troubleshooting methodology

Confident navigating through multiple systems and tools to research, comprehend and deliver solutions to customer in real time 

Customer service focus:

Experience in customer facing environments (phone, chat, in person, etc.) interaction in some capacity (can include volunteer work, or project work while in school)

Demonstrates passion for customer service, ownership of the customer experience and determination to deliver a comprehensive resolution

Obsesses over the customer experience and constantly strives to exceed their expectations

Able to communicate clearly and effectively, both written and verbal (in required language)

Able to effectively tailor communication and style to different audiences and read verbal and non-verbal cues

Approaches problems flexibly and is able to adapt and modify approach without compromising outcome 

Learning aptitude:

Thrives in a team environment: able to seek and provide expertise, challenge productively and help others succeed

Energy and excitement to master current role, eager for challenges to grow within it and drive to develop skills in the organization

Stays curious and inquisitive in the pursuit of professional excellence

Effective time management strategy including ability to multi-task, prioritize, organize and balance workload 

 

Resilience:

Able to self manage and work independently in a fast-paced and highly-demanding environment

Embraces repetition of core job duties, yet eager to take on more responsibility when needed

Strong sense of professionalism exhibited by remaining positive, calm and composed under pressure

Self-awareness to identify, address and manage navigating through challenges associated with the role

Remains focused and poised despite criticism and setbacks

Eager to receive feedback, embraces coaching and demonstrates changes as a result

Strong sense of professionalism exhibited by remaining positive, calm and composed under pressure

In this role, you would offer support to Italian speaking clients and:

 

Provide information about products and services and troubleshoot technical issues communicating clearly and effectively, both in written and verbal 

Answer customer inquiries and resolve customer issues in an efficient and timely manner

Isolate and resolve complex technical issues through appropriate troubleshooting methodology

Navigate through multiple systems and tools to research, comprehend and deliver solutions to customer in real time 

Multi-task, prioritize, organize and balance workload 

Approach problems flexibly, adapt and modify approach without compromising outcome 

 

We offer:

Working from home, from any location in Romania

Stable job, in a multicultural fast-growing environment

Above-average fixed salary, performance and tenure-based bonuses, depending on the position

Monthly meal tickets

Free access to our modern and fully-equipped employees' gym space in our office building in Bucharest

Private medical subscription coverage

Extra health benefits: special discounts for dental care and optical services with our partners

Reimbursement for your public transportation subscription, after the trial period (if you work from office)

Gym subscription reimbursement, after the trial period

Free subscription to the Bookster virtual library

Dedicated psychologist available for free sessions (online or face to face)

Special discounts and rates for a variety of services and products: from telecom and banking to tech and home appliances, library, wellness, travel and many more

Paid training and international career opportunities

Multilingual exposure - improve your spoken and written language skills

Community projects – want to make the world a better place? We run CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) events all year long

Benefits
 Financial
Performance bonus
Holiday bonuses
Holiday vouchers
Compensation for telework
Meal tickets
Transport settlement
Discounts
 Medical
Medical services
Dental care services
 Development
Team-building
Specialization training
Personal development courses
Support in internal professional reorientation
 Workplace
Hybrid and out of office work
Flexible working hours
Multicultural team
Mobile phone
Laptop
 Free time
Extra free days
Gym pass
Company events
Interview and assessment stages
What are your salary expectations for this role?
TELUS International
TELUS International
Why TELUS International

TELUS International focuses on the value of human connection to design, build and deliver high-tech,



Accenture Logo
Accenture
3.9
Banking Opportunities with English
Iaşi



Apply on employer site


Apply on employer site
Your career is about what you want to be and who you want to be. It’s about bringing your skills, your curiosity and your best true self to your work.


Here, you’ll match your ingenuity with the latest technology to make incredible things.

In Accenture Operations we rethink the way people work and businesses perform by harnessing the power of rich data for decision-making, innovative technology, and advanced machine intelligence.

In an era where people are critical to success, join a team that prioritizes human ingenuity and fosters a workforce where technology elevates people (not the other way around), freeing them up for more creative thinking and exciting work.

We are looking for candidates who can work onsite for the first months of training and in a Hybrid model afterwards, located in Iasi, Monday-Friday 09:00 - 18:00.


Every day is a process of growth, being responsible of:

Comply with Accenture standards, procedures and policies, as well as regulatory requirements (e.g., regulations related to recoveries of debit balances);

Execute to standard processes and take recommended actions to achieve metrics;

Audit own data entry for accuracy & make needed corrections;

Conduct data verification;

File, archive and retrieve documents (paper-based and electronic) using filing standards;

Produce standard correspondence by following existing templates. Adhere to client formatting and quality standards.

May support in the training/education of new and/or more junior team members on operation procedures & policies.


Skills that make your work successful:

Good level of English ( B2-C1);

Ability to deliver real value to customers and emphasize results over activities;

Quick, analytical thinker;

Banking knowledge is nice to have;

Excel knowledge would be preferable;

Mandatory requirement: high school diploma or bachelor's degree.

Employee Benefits – Be well, work well, live well

Be at your physical best & take advantage of additional financial support

Flexible medical & dental subscription plan with Regina Maria;
Nutrition counselling & Wellness subscriptions (7Card, Worldclass, SanoPass, or other providers);
Benefit Online platform for gift vouchers, transportation passes, vacation, cultural activities and many others;
Discount on Accenture shares through Employee Shares Purchase Plan;
Referral bonus, depending on the career level of the job opening;
Life insurance for you and your loved ones.
Follow your purpose

23 vacation days with our loyalty scheme, granting additional days: 1 extra day after 2 years, another after 5 years, and an additional day every 3 years until reaching a total of 30 vacation days;
Additional private pension plan, starting the second month of employment;
Flexible working hours depending on project specifics;
Access to a wide range of training and development opportunities;
Communities of interest: sport, volunteering, and employees' resources groups (parents, mental health allies, Pride, disability, ex-pats).
Care for you and your loved ones

Psychological and psychotherapy counseling support;
Premium access to well-being apps (Calm and Wysa);
Paid maternity or paternity leave;
Children's educational reimbursement;
Support for adoption & psychological, financial, and legal sessions for everyone in your household.
At the heart of change, there is a great human. Bring your ideas, ingenuity, and passion, and be part of our team!


DevOps Engineer (AWS)
ITDS
Kraków
5 720 - 6 180 EUR
Net/month - B2B
3 970 - 4 430 EUR
Gross/month - Permanent
Type of work
Full-time
Experience
Mid
Employment Type
B2B, Permanent
Operating mode
Hybrid
Tech stack
Linux
Advanced
Bash
Advanced
Powershell
Advanced
Ansible
Advanced
Jenkins
Regular
AWS
Regular
Terraform
Regular
Python
Regular
Splunk
Nice To Have
Job description
Online interview
Friendly offer
Join us, and revolutionize automation in banking technology!

Krakow-based opportunity with the possibility to work remotely 4 days a week!



As an Devops Engineer, you will be working for our client, a global financial institution known for fostering career growth and innovation. You'll be part of the Splunk team, managing the largest Splunk instance.



Your main responsibilities:

Reduce administrative overhead with an "automate everything" approach
Develop and enhance automated change deployment processes
Ensure adherence to best engineering practices
Provide technical guidance and support to engineers in our team


You're ideal for this role if you have:

3+ years of experience in DevOps/Automation
Proficiency in Linux administration and scripting languages (e.g., Bash, PowerShell)
Experience in automation development with Ansible
Familiarity with CI/CD processes and tools like GitHub and Jenkins
Understanding of testing methodologies and DevOps principles
Ability to work independently with a proactive mindset and high sense of ownership
Strong teamwork and collaboration skills with effective verbal and written communication in English


It is a strong plus if you have:

Hands-on experience with AWS
Knowledge of Terraform
Proficiency in Python
Experience working in an agile environment (Agile, Scrum/Kanban)


We offer you:

ITDS Business Consultants is involved in many various, innovative and professional IT projects for international companies in the financial industry in Europe. We offer an environment for professional, ambitious, and driven people. The offer includes:

Stable and long-term cooperation with very good conditions
Enhance your skills and develop your expertise in the financial industry
Work on the most strategic projects available in the market
Define your career roadmap and develop yourself in the best and fastest possible way by delivering strategic projects for different clients of ITDS over several years
Participate in Social Events, training, and work in an international environment
Access to attractive Medical Package
Access to Multisport Program



Software Engineer in Machine Learning
Tooploox

Kraków
, +4
Locations
2 800 - 3 500 EUR
Net/month - B2B
Type of work
Full-time
Experience
Mid
Employment Type
B2B
Operating mode
Remote
Tooploox
Tooploox
We are Tooploox. We’re improving lives through cutting-edge products and solutions. Feel invited!

Tech stack
Python
Regular
ML
Junior
Job description
Hi there!
We are looking for an ambitious Software Engineer who wants to pursue a career in machine learning.

What you will do:
designing, developing, and maintaining software applications that utilize machine learning algorithms;
collaborating with machine learning engineers to integrate machine learning models with software applications;
Interact directly with various types of clients, from startups to multinational companies such as eBay.

Experience and skills you need to join us:
2+ years of experience;
good knowledge of Python;
knowledge of software development best practices (clean code,design patterns, code smells, continuous integration, code review, unit / functional / regression tests, Git);
knowledge of Numpy, good to know: PyTorch;
basic knowledge of Docker;
have a great problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills;
analytical thinking skills and knowledge of algorithms; mathematical skill set (algebra, good to know probability theory and statistics);
a strong interest in and basic knowledge of machine learning;
Fluent in spoken and written English.

It would be great if you also have:
knowledge of Kubernetes;
knowledge of processing large datasets and pipelines;
MLOps skills, or at least willingness to learn.



Associate Doctor- job post
American Podiatric Medical Association
Rockledge, FL
$50,000 - $75,000 a year - Part-time
American Podiatric Medical Association
Rockledge, FL
$50,000 - $75,000 a year
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay
$50,000 - $75,000 a year
Job type
Part-time
&nbsp;
Location
Rockledge, FL
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Paid time off
&nbsp;
Full job description
Location: Rockledge, Florida
posted February 19, 2024

Job Type: Part-Time Associate

Summary: Part time position 3 days a week. Varying age of patients with a plethora of foot and ankle pathology. Full in office OR. State of the art office with digital fluoroscopy, latest digital X-Ray, Ultrasound and doppler.

Name of Practice: Brevard Foot and Ankle

Practice Focus/Sub Specialty: Surgery

Practice Arrangement Type: Solo Practice

Post Graduate Training: Two Years

Salary: $50,000-$75,000

Surgery Options: Rearfoot Surgery

Benefits: Malpractice, Dental and PTO.

Is practice affiliated with a residency-training program? - No

Required to work in a nursing home or LTC Facility? - No

Start Date of Position: August 1, 2024

Position Post will expire: April 19, 2024

How to Apply: brevardfootandankle@gmail.com Cell: (321) 266-4998 Office: (321) 638-2121


EveryMatrix
Junior Java Developer
EveryMatrix  Bucharest, Bucharest, Romania
4 days ago  139 applicants
  
See who EveryMatrix has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

Job Summary

We are looking for an enthusiastic and focused Junior Java Developer to join our DataOps team in OddsMatrix. Willingness to learn, strong theoretical knowledge, and good logical skills are more appreciated than any previous experience. The schedule is flexible and allows one to pursue their academic studies along with a full-time job if needed

Company Intro

EveryMatrix is a leading B2B SaaS provider delivering iGaming software, content and services. We provide casino, sports betting, platform and payments, and affiliate management to 200 customers worldwide. The company is profitable, has over EUR 100m in annual revenues, and 700 employees in offices across ten countries in Europe, Asia and the US. EveryMatrix was founded in 2008 and remains a founder-owned private company.

Junior Java Developer

Responsibilities

Take part in collecting odds data from bookmakers, both from dedicated XML/JSON feeds – using Java – and from websites – site scraping;
Offer technical support for existing clients;
Take part in the daily maintenance and monitoring of developed odds collectors and other internal tools;
In addition, it is of very high importance to maintain the highest possible quality of data collected from existing sources.

Requirements

Good knowledge of OOP, data structure and algorithms;
Basic Java Knowledge with a focus on data structures and inheritance;
Basic Database knowledge and sorting techniques;
Good problem solving skills, intelligence and efficiency;
Good grasp of English, both written and spoken;
Patience and attention to details;
Capacity to learn and adapt.

Nice To Have

Basic Rest API knowledge;
Previous personal projects and/or work experience either as an internship or part-time job;
Knowledge about sports betting;
Willingness to participate in LAN parties, board game sessions, puzzles andvarious other activities with us.

Work-Life Balance

33 days off per year, including public holidays, rising to 43 by year 5 inside the company;
10 sick leave days per year (without a doctor’s note);
40% work from home, over any 3-month period;
If returning to work soon after having child, 1 year 100% WFH for mothers;
WFH after child is born – for fathers: 13 weeks of 100% WFH (from the day of the birth of the child);

Benefits And Office Perks

Daily catered lunch or lunch allowance in value of 130 EUR net per month;
Private Medical insurance – Regina Maria;
Our own in-house gym, health & well-being programs;
Fruits Tuesday;
Access to online learning platforms Udemy for Business and O’Reilly and budget for external training;
Bookster;
Massage at work;
Anniversary gifts;
Frequent free-bar parties, annual whole-company parties (have previously rented our own planes to get everyone together!);
Fun corner: ping pong table, PS4, lots of board games.


Full-Stack Developer
Talent Disruptors  Bucharest, Bucharest, Romania
2 weeks ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Talent Disruptors has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

The Opportunity: We're seeking an experienced and passionate Full-Stack Developer to join our dynamic team. This is a pivotal role where you'll design, develop, and maintain robust web applications and systems that drive the success of our business. Your deep understanding of both front-end and back-end technologies, database design, and cloud expertise will be invaluable in this exciting position.

Key Responsibilities:

Full-Lifecycle Development: Collaborate with the team to bring new web applications from concept to launch, ensuring performance, responsiveness, and scalability.
Front-End Mastery: Build intuitive and visually appealing user interfaces utilizing JavaScript, React, and related frameworks.
Back-End Engineering: Design and implement robust back-end systems using Python, MySQL, and other relevant technologies.
API Expertise: Develop, integrate, and maintain RESTful APIs to power seamless interactions within our systems and with external services.
AWS Proficiency: Leverage your extensive AWS knowledge to optimize cloud infrastructure, services, and application deployment.
Database Design: Design, create, and maintain efficient databases to support web applications.
ETL/ELT Processes: Implement effective data transfer mechanisms between internal systems and third-party platforms.
Team Player: Collaborate with engineers, designers, and product managers in a fast-paced agile environment.
Troubleshooting Excellence: Proactively identify and resolve performance bottlenecks and technical issues.

Requirements:

Proven Experience: Minimum 5 years of experience across the full software development stack.
Technical Expertise: In-depth knowledge of:
JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS
Python, MySQL (or similar relational database)
RESTful API design and implementation
AWS services (EC2, S3, RDS, etc.)
Cloud Savviness: Strong understanding of cloud-based development principles and best practices.
Database Proficiency: Experience in database design, normalization, and optimization.
ETL/ELT Skills: Track record of successfully implementing data transfer solutions.
Problem Solving Mindset: Analytical thinker with excellent troubleshooting skills.

Nice to Haves:

Experience with Node.js, NoSQL databases (MongoDB, DynamoDB).
Understanding of modern CI/CD pipelines and tools (Jenkins, Gitlab, etc.)
Familiarity with containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes)

What's in it for you:

Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package
Opportunity to contribute to impactful projects
Collaborative and supportive work environment
Potential for professional growth and advancement



Mid-Market Account Director, Talent Solutions - Healthcare
LinkedIn  San Francisco, CA
13 hours ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who LinkedIn has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Pay found in job post
Retrieved from the description.

Base pay range
$122,000.00/yr - $175,000.00/yr
Company Description

LinkedIn is the world’s largest professional network, built to create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce. Our products help people make powerful connections, discover exciting opportunities, build necessary skills, and gain valuable insights every day. We’re also committed to providing transformational opportunities for our own employees by investing in their growth. We aspire to create a culture that’s built on trust, care, inclusion, and fun – where everyone can succeed.

Join us to transform the way the world works.

Job Description

At LinkedIn, we trust each other to do our best work where it works best for us and our teams. This role offers a hybrid work option, meaning you can both work from home and commute to a LinkedIn office, depending on what’s best for you and when it is important for your team to be together.

This role will be based in San Fransisco.

We are looking for an Account Director to join our team as a trusted adviser with a relentless focus on bringing value to our customers within our Healthcare sector. You will be responsible for helping our customers effectively engage with our solutions (Talent and Learning). You will be dedicated to making our customers stronger and seeking out opportunities for growth. Although you possess a strategic approach to selling and strive to meet/exceed revenue goals, you will always have your clients’ best interest in mind and act as their internal advocate to ensure they are set up for success.

Responsibilities:

Researches Customer’s business and prepares thoughtful questions and insights in advance of customer meetings
Asks layered, open-ended questions to understand and clarify Customer’s objectives and challenges beyond surface-level detail
Builds relationships with multiple stakeholders (vertically and horizontally) across the Customer’s organization
Shifts communication style and content to fit the needs of different stakeholders
Leads with Solutions, not products, when making recommendations aligned to Customer objectives
Sells with Integrity
Drives customer decision making by achieving shared vision and proactively considering the value props that tie all stakeholders together
Thinks commercially and applies business acumen when crafting & negotiating commercial agreements
Uses data and insights to support investment recommendations or overcome customer objections
Proactively mitigates churn risk by adopting a smart, customer-centric approach
Engages customers throughout to confirm and clarify value and adapts a strategy when needed to optimize ROI
Drives Customer growth by proactively identifying opportunities to deliver greater customer value
Applies business acumen in Account Planning by considering economic, industry, and company factors with a Customer-centric lens
Maps all key stakeholders in an account to assess the strength of the account relationship and create account outreach strategy
Agrees to joint accountability with colleagues and cross-functional teams for optimal customer success
Practices humility and asks for help from colleagues when faced with a challenge or unknown
Is disciplined in Territory and Account Planning, Forecasting, and Quota Attainment
Follows best practices when using CRM and other Sales tools in order to manage the Sales and Buyer cycles

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

4+ years of applicable sales experience

Preferred Qualifications:

Excellent negotiation, communication, negotiation and forecasting skills
Experience carrying a revenue target with the ability to develop compelling strategies that deliver results
Comfort in gathering and using data to inform decision making and persuading others
Demonstrated ability to find and manage high-level business in a solution-based sales environment
Ability to assess business opportunities and read prospective buyers
Experience orchestrating the closure of business with an accurate understanding of prospect needs
Ability to include multiple partners and members of the company management team using competitive selling to position company products against direct and indirect competitors
Comfort with SaaS opportunities and knowledge of software contract terms and conditions with the ability to create fair transactions
BA/BS degree or equivalent
Experience selling IT solutions and familiarity with Dynamics/D365 platform preferred

Suggested Skills:

Sales Prospecting
Coachability
Business Case Preparation
Curiousity
Active Listening

LinkedIn is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices.

The pay range for this role is $122,000 to $175,000 USD OTE. Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years & depth of experience, certifications and specific office location. This may differ in other locations due to cost of labor considerations.

The total compensation package for this position may also include annual performance bonus, stock and benefits. For additional information, visit: https://careers.linkedin.com/benefits.



ING Logo
ING
4.1
ETL Developer| Wholesale Banking Data Lake @ING Hubs Romania
Bucharest



Apply on employer site


Apply on employer site
Discover ING Hubs Romania
We started out in 2015 as ING’s software development hub – a distinct entity from ING Bank Romania – then steadily expanded our range to include more services and competencies.
Formerly known as ING Tech, as of 2022 we provide borderless services with bank-wide capabilities under the name of ING Hubs Romania and operate from two locations: Bucharest and Cluj.
With the help of 1400 engineers, risk and operations professionals, we offer 150 services in tech, non-financial risk & compliance, audit and retail operations to 24 ING units worldwide.
Our tech capabilities remain the core of our business, with more than 1100 colleagues active in Data Management, TouchPoint Channels & Integration and Core Banking.
We enjoy a flexible way of working and a highly collaborative environment, where fair and constructive feedback is encouraged. Work ethics, honesty and knowledge sharing are key to our teams and we’re always looking for like-minded people.
Here’s a sneak peak of what our colleagues say about working within ING Hubs Romania:
At ING, software and soft skills are equally important | 78% of our IT colleagues agree
The Mission
Currently, Wholesale Banking Data Lake is on the verge of transitioning from a traditional data warehousing landscape to a big data platform that processes millions of files containing TBs of data with all the necessary (security) controls, monitoring and automation in place that make the solution scalable and in line with banking minimum standards. Within our environment key critical processes run on a daily basis that support strategic ING Bank wide initiatives which are used worldwide ranging from Russia to The United States to Australia and all across Europe.
Your day to day
Even if you’ll start your day from the comfort of your home or drink your morning coffee in our office’s garden, your day will be quite similar when comes to tasks. To assist us in taking the next step in our data platform journey, we are looking for colleagues that have the following key characteristics:
Extensive and proven technical background in data warehousing with a good understanding of its core elements such as data ingestion, data unification/modeling and data consumption as well interest in elements related to data governance such as data quality, data lineage and metadata management.
The ability to identify structural and preferably automated solutions to common technical challenges by taking the lead in drafting designs, refining the workload and guiding the implementation towards production together with an agile squad of devops engineers with a balance of junior, medior and senior profiles.
The ability and the ambition to continously learn new (open source) tools and technologies that will be part of our new platform such as Hive, Spark, HDFS and NiFi in order to assist with the gradual but steady migration of flows from the current data warehousing stack towards the new big data platform as well as assisting with new functionality such as streaming data ingestion, spark job execution and open metadata (Egeria) standards.
What you’ll bring to the team
Experience:
Tech stack/ knowledge:
Mandatory:
Experience with ETL processes and tools, IBM Infosphere DataStage preferably
Experience with Hadoop technologies (Hive, Spark, HDFS and NiFi)
Experience with Shell scripting
Good knowledge of Hive, Impala and Oracle Database (database design, database optimizations and data analysis on large amounts of data)
Ability to translate functional and non-functional requirements (e.g. Security, High Availability)\
Nice to have:
You see benefits with pair programming
Understanding of Agile - Scrum methodology is considered a plus
Foreign languages: English (advanced)
Education: nice to have Bachelor’s Degree (or higher) in an IT related field
What’s in it for you
Annual Performance Bonus up to two salaries
Extra vacation days depending on the total length of working experience
Flextime – our own way of working
Monthly budget on Benefit platform
Growth opportunities
Defining a clear career path on short/ mid/ long term and identify the competencies you need to build/ develop to reach the next level: vertically – towards a managerial position or horizontally – towards an expert or architect level, locally or globally
Internal mobility is encouraged
Possibility to access International Short-Term Assignments or Long-Term Assignments
Upskilling/ reskilling programs
Learning & Development opportunities
Annual training & certifications budget
Pluralsight & e-learning platforms
CSR activities: tree planting, coding lessons for teenagers etc.



Société Générale Logo
Société Générale
3.8
Business Data Analyst-Wholesale Banking, Financial Crime- H/F/X
Bucharest



Apply on employer site


Apply on employer site
Responsibilities
The Business Data Analyst WSB FCC supports the CPLE Oversight team for:

the consolidation of activity and risk indicators defined to oversight Financial Crime on Wholesale group activities within Wholesale Pilar Compliance teams;
the first-level analysis of their evolution over time to be adressed with WSB/FCC supervisors and other relevant WSB/FCC stakeholders ;
the enrichment of the existing oversight framework with new indicators, defined at central or pilar level.
Main oversight activities are as follow :

Extract the data entered into the system and performing consistency checks. Identifying anomalies or inconsistencies and obtaining relevant data, starting with discussions with entity supervisors. Ensuring a high level of quality and completeness of the data entered into the system.
The management and monitoring of financial crime data, including the collection of data from appropriate sources (databases, other data sources).
Discussing and analyzing with supervisors any identified and unjustified deviation
Applying if necessary to the remediation plan and related monitoring
Periodic reporting of the conclusions for the controls.
Contributes to the preparation of Financial Crime Governance (COMCO, AMLOC, CBC, RTB, EMEA FC Oversight meeting ...): information collection, KRI dashboard production, preparation, and dissemination of slide-deck, monitoring the action plans defined in the previous meeting, …
Contributes to regular exercises to oversee the scope of financial offenses: QLB (Questionnaire against money laundering), capacity assessment, risk classification. Defining remedial plans to improve data quality and monitoring the launch of remediation plans. Stay up to date with risk and compliance measures and report any potential risks. Analyzing the main causes of anomalies, identifying corrective actions, and collaborating with various support teams to correct data quality errors.
Main Project activities:

Contribute to the process of continuous improvement of existing reporting processes and to transversal projects related to the subject of supervision (optimization of tools, review of data quality, review of the set of indicators, review of the set of indicators).
In collaboration with the various project stakeholders involved, finalizes and updates the requirements of the CPLE department to develop and enhance risk oversight indicators (e.g. KRI, compliance incidents, etc.)
Active participation in the improvement of existing reporting processes and in the analysis of new business requirements, participation in the realization of transversal works (optimization of working methods, facilitation of discussions within the project community), updating the work plan (advancing on project stages) and monitoring its execution.
Maintain the “RUN” documentation: formalizing procedures, ensuring that team procedures are up to date.
Profile required
Behavioral skills

Ability to interact with others, reaction, communication skills, dedication, flexibility.
Efficient, team spirit and ability to evolve in a fast and demanding work environment.
Autonomy and organizational site (management of priorities and deadlines)
Efficient, equipment spirit and ability to evolve in a fast and demanding work environment.
Autonomy and simulation of the organization (management of priorities and terms)

Technical or activity-specific skills

3-5 years of banking experience in the following functions: Audit or inspection, compliance, legal, reporting/control
Oral fluent and written in English and French
Good Excel (Excel VBA basic), Power BI
Ideal capacity to create macro-PowerPoint presentations (clean presentations) and ability to strengthen their competence regarding the specific tools of the intervention area.
Experience in managing databases and their exploitation.
Analytical and synthesis (business analysis)
Knowledge related to Project Management methodology
Facilitation and communication skills
Knowledge of regulatory topics
Ability to launch proposals and facilitate the resolution of topics.
Knowledge regarding the specific risks of AML, KYC, EMBARGO is a plus.
Why join us
SG GSC is a Great Place to Work® certified company. Here, you will find a flexible workplace and culture, autonomy, constant learning opportunities, dynamism, and talented people, making this experience a real career accelerator. You will also discover all the diversity of our businesses, in a sector that is constantly evolving and innovating.

If you feel like ambitiously pursuing your goals, then you have come to the right place.

Plus, you will enjoy all our benefits:

competitive compensation & remuneration, including annual performance bonus;
preventive healthcare plan, and group health & life insurance;
wide range of flexible benefits within a monthly budget;
office perks, wellbeing and mental health programs;
various social benefits and bonuses for personal or family events;
9-to-5 workday & hybrid model;
additional paid and unpaid time off, including Sabbatical leave;
learning and growth opportunities based on individual development and career plans;
unlimited access to various eLearning resources.



Staff Software Engineer, Machine Learning, Core
corporate_fare
Google
place
Sunnyvale, CA, USA
; Kirkland, WA, USA
; +4 more
laptop_windows
Remote eligible
info_outline
XInfo The application window will be open until at least March 21, 2024. This opportunity will remain online based on business needs which may be before or after the specified date.Note: Google’s hybrid workplace includes remote and in-office roles. By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: In-office locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA. Remote location(s): United States.
The application window will be open until at least March 21, 2024. This opportunity will remain online based on business needs which may be before or after the specified date.Note: Google’s hybrid workplace includes remote and in-office roles. By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following:

In-office locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA.
Remote location(s): United States.

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
8 years of experience in software development, and with data structures/algorithms.
5 years of experience testing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture.
5 years of experience with machine learning algorithms and tools (e.g., TensorFlow), artificial intelligence, deep learning, or natural language processing.

Preferred qualifications:
Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical direction.
3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projects.
About the job
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

The Core team builds the technical foundation behind Google’s flagship products. We are owners and advocates for the underlying design elements, developer platforms, product components, and infrastructure at Google. These are the essential building blocks for excellent, safe, and coherent experiences for our users and drive the pace of innovation for every developer. We look across Google’s products to build central solutions, break down technical barriers and strengthen existing systems. As the Core team, we have a mandate and a unique opportunity to impact important technical decisions across the company.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $189,000-$284,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.

Responsibilities
Write product or system development code.
Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available technologies.
Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality.



Data Center Electrical Engineer
corporate_fare
Google
place
Bridgeport, AL, USA
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of experience in the Design-Build environment for fast track mission critical facilities (e.g., data centers, chip fab, pharma, power plants, industrial, etc.).
Experience in design, construction, and commissioning of medium voltage and low voltage electrical distribution systems to include AC and DC systems and associated power management systems and SCADA tools.
Experience in construction administration or construction management.

Preferred qualifications:
Professional Engineering license.
Experience in estimating, electrical design, operation and commissioning of substations, switchgear, ATP/ATS, and emergency power systems, and their control systems, power monitoring, and electrical protection.
Knowledge of large-scale mission critical facilities Electrical/Mechanical infrastructure systems.
About the job
Our thirst for technology is a part of everything we do. The Data Center Engineering team takes the physical design of our data centers into the future. Our lab mirrors a research and development department -- cutting-edge strategies are born, tested and tested again. Along with a team of great minds, you take on complex topics like how we use power or how to run state-of-the-art, environmentally-friendly facilities. You're a visionary who optimizes for efficiencies and never stops seeking improvements -- even small changes that can make a huge impact. You generate ideas, communicate recommendations to senior-level executives and drive implementation alongside facilities technicians.

With your technical expertise, you ensure compliance with codes and standards, develop infrastructure improvements and serve as an expert in your specialty (e.g., cooling, electrical).

Data Center Services Engineering (DCSEng) is a project and campus focused technical engineering role with a primary focus on providing a technical understanding of Google’s data center design to the field execution and operations teams in support of their initiatives. Additionally, supporting other teams in the development and evaluation of conceptual design.Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $117,000-$172,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
Responsibilities
Participate in the project specific design review process at 30, 60, 95% releases including conceptualizing ways to reduce total cost of ownership (TCO) while maintaining Google standards.
Work with the General Contractor (GC) and Trades to develop a high level understanding of the design intent and on-time development of coordinated design details.
Develop a detailed understanding of trade contractors project delivery strategy, planning, zoning, work sequences, etc. to help optimize and align to program level standards.
Monitor work in the field to ensure it is being executed in line with Google’s design intent and standards, as well as meeting the local codes and requirements.
Support systems startup and commissioning processes by providing a technical understanding of the gear being installed and how the systems are designed to function, including supporting controls and monitoring systems.




Senior Hardware Engineer, Integrated Circuit Design, Quantum AI
corporate_fare
Google
place
Goleta, CA, USA
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Physics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
Experience with Python or other programming languages.
Experience with Electromagnetic simulations and Finite Element Simulation tools (e.g., Sonnet, HFSS, Comsol).

Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree or PhD in Physics, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering.
Experience with programmatic CAD layout and verification tools.
Knowledge of LvL, LvS, K-Layout or equivalent CAD viewer.
Familiarity with IC fabrication techniques and processes.
Familiarity with Superconducting circuit architectures and quantum computing.
About the job
Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.

The full potential of quantum computing will be unlocked with a large-scale computer capable of complex, error-corrected computations. Google Quantum AI's mission is to build this computer and unlock solutions to classically intractable problems. Our roadmap is focused on advancing the capabilities of quantum computing and enabling meaningful applications.

As a Quantum Integrated Circuit Designer, you will support the physical design and simulations of quantum processors and associated analog, DC, and RF devices and help to build robust infrastructure for design production. Our Quantum Processor designs are produced through an iterative process of working with custom programmatic CAD layout tools, graphical layout tools such as K-Layout and various Finite Element Simulation tools for physical device simulations. You will lay out mask schematics and run finite element simulations to integrate design metadata in software tools and expand on design infrastructure and automation.

Google Research is building the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software engineers and research scientists. Google Research teams collaborate closely with other teams across Google, maintaining the flexibility and versatility required to adapt new projects and foci that meet the demands of the world's fast-paced business needs.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $142,000-$211,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.

Responsibilities
Support Quantum processor design projects including device layout and simulations.
Work on programmatic layout and simulation infrastructures to speed up and simplify layout workflow from initial layout to final tapeout.
Work closely with other teams to maintain and improve layout integration tools into device probing, packaging and measurement.
Work with foundries to support custom process design kits (PDKs) and design rule check.



Global Process Manager, Banking Operations
corporate_fare
Google
place
Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
2 years of experience in banking operations or treasury management.

Preferred qualifications:
MBA or Master's degree in Finance or relevant fields.
Program and project management experience.
Ability to take initiative and manage deadlines.
Meticulous attention to detail with excellent organizational and communication skills.
Excellent problem-solving skills.
About the job
The name Google came from “googol,” a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros, and no one loves big numbers like the Finance team. As an important partner and advisor, Google’s Finance team leads strategic financial analysis across Google products. With a focus on data-driven decision making, manages risk, and scales financial processes to fuel Google’s growth.

Google’s Treasury team is on a mission to optimize the return on Google’s financial assets. As a member of this team, you’re always looking for ways to help Google invest for the future while limiting volatility and material surprises. You will work collaboratively to provide banking solutions that support continued business growth and increase operational efficiency in complex international markets. You will make creative yet calculated decisions that are backed by both experience and your knowledge of the economy and banking industry.

The Banking Solutions team oversees Alphabet’s global bank accounts management and operations, delivering timely and high quality services to enable business growth. You will streamline banking operations, enhance processes, and build key stakeholder relationships.


Responsibilities
Manage a team of Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) and extended workforce resources responsible for bank account openings/closings/modifications, AML/KYC requirements, and maintaining authorized bank account signatories.
Design and implement streamlined processes for the BPO team, ensuring timely and accurate execution of banking requirements.
Cultivate strategic partnerships with banks and internal stakeholders to streamline banking requirements and deliver timely results.
Grow in ambiguity while navigating the complexities of operationalizing bank accounts in new global regions and banking partners.
Coordinate cross-functionally to advocate for annual FBAR, SOX, and audit requests to ensure bank accounts activities are in compliance with Treasury policies and controls.


SBP
JUNIOR DEVELOPER (.NET / C++)
DRAG & DROP your CV (.pdf, .doc, .docx etc.) or browse for it *
Click or drag files to this area to upload.
You can upload up to 2 files.
Apply
OR

Enter you LinkedIn profile and your contact details (email and phone) *
Apply
The Ideal Candidate

College graduate / college student, in Computer Science or a related field
Should be willing to learn new things
Good communication skills, the capacity to work within a team
Individual responsibility and a strong desire for personal achievements
Should have the desire to evolve towards a very good professional & technical level
Mandatory Requirements

Strong knowledge concerning algorithms, data structures, OOP
Good C++ skills (at least intermediate level)
Good English skills (at least intermediate level)
Job Description

Developing software, using several platforms & languages (mostly .NET / C++ / Java), for a variety of projects (enterprise software, multimedia, web / mobile, networking etc.)
Verticals: online business services (SaaS), elearning, healthcare, telecom, manufacturing etc.
Platforms: we develop software for a wide range of platforms (including mobile, desktop, web). We also develop cross-platform applications (which are compatible with several platforms & operating systems: Windows / Mac OS X / Linux / Android / iOS)
Types of projects that we develop in our company: enterprise software (document management, ERP, CRM etc.), multimedia applications (video / sound / image processing) etc.
The Benefits of Working at SBP

We offer flexible working hours & part-time options, so that you can balance your work schedule with your college schedule & personal time
We offer competitive salaries, periodical raises, performance bonuses & gratifications
You will enjoy the opportunity to be part of a pleasant and friendly team, who shares the same values. You will learn on a daily basis and you will be able to develop your career in a professional environment, among colleagues that are ready to assist you and to help you grow
The possibility of working (in alternation) on a variety of projects & technologies. Each of our colleagues belongs to several project-teams
Permanent feedback, performance evaluations on a monthly basis
Close communication within the team. The possibility of bringing suggestions & raising issues directly to the management
Technical training on a wide variety of technologies, to cover the different types of projects & platforms that we use in our projects
Other Benefits

Private healthcare (Medlife)
Gym membership discount (World Class Fitness / 7card)
Open space terrace
Nap rooms
Relaxation room (equipped with PS4, large screen TV, laptop, books etc.)
Fresh fruits in the office. Regular dinners with the team. Teambuilding
Our Company

We are a team of passionate people, innovative and unique individuals who enjoy collaborating to develop modern & reliable software products and platforms for our customers
Over the past 17 years, many organizations and companies have contracted SBP to develop complex software solutions, redesign and improve existing platforms & systems, design and implement web concepts & web solutions, develop and maintain mobile applications
We explore every prospective project with professionalism and enthusiasm. That’s who we have been. That’s who we are today.




SBP
MID / SENIOR DEVELOPER (.NET / C++ / JAVA)
DRAG & DROP your CV (.pdf, .doc, .docx etc.) or browse for it *
Click or drag files to this area to upload.
You can upload up to 2 files.
Apply
OR

Enter you LinkedIn profile and your contact details (email and phone) *
Apply
The Ideal Candidate

College graduate / college student, in Computer Science or a related field
Should be willing to learn new things
Good communication skills, the capacity to work within a team
Individual responsibility and a strong desire for personal achievements
Should have the desire to evolve towards a very good professional & technical level
Mandatory Requirements

Strong knowledge concerning algorithms, data structures, OOP
Good C++ skills (at least intermediate level)
Good English skills (at least intermediate level)
Job Description

Developing software, using several platforms & languages (mostly .NET / C++ / Java), for a variety of projects (enterprise software, multimedia, web / mobile, networking etc.)
Verticals: online business services (SaaS), elearning, healthcare, telecom, manufacturing etc.
Platforms: we develop software for a wide range of platforms (including mobile, desktop, web). We also develop cross-platform applications (which are compatible with several platforms & operating systems: Windows / Mac OS X / Linux / Android / iOS)
Types of projects that we develop in our company: enterprise software (document management, ERP, CRM etc.), multimedia applications (video / sound / image processing) etc.
Typical technologies that we use

.NET (C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET)
C++
Java
Html5, CSS3
Angular, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node.js
Swift, Objective-C
Types of projects that we develop / developed in our company

an online streaming and conferencing, involving a hybrid mix of technologies: low-level system drivers for screen and audio capture (including echo cancellation techniques), RTMP integration with Flash Media Server, integration with FreeSwitch for more scalable audio conferencing, support for mobile platforms etc.
an e-learning content creation suite for creating video tutorials and presentations (the application involved various technologies, such as: low-level C/C++ libraries for hooking into Windows APIs for key-capture / managing windows etc., Flash ActionScript3 for rendering tutorials as interactive Flash materials, OCR / edge detection / pattern recognition, Microsoft Office Interop, a lightweight controls library with double-buffering support etc.)
an online multiplayer RPG game, powered by Bing Maps
NoSQL-type databases and intelligent data aggregation and compression techniques, for creating / processing / reporting on millions of data entries daily
a mobile application for Android and iOS (coupled with an administrative mobile website) for increasing fidelity among customers of pubs, used to receive discounts and prizes in exchange for beers purchased and pictures posted on Facebook
The Benefits of Working at SBP

We offer flexible working hours & part-time options, so that you can balance your work schedule with your college schedule & personal time
We offer competitive salaries, periodical raises, performance bonuses & gratifications
You will enjoy the opportunity to be part of a pleasant and friendly team, who shares the same values. You will learn on a daily basis and you will be able to develop your career in a professional environment, among colleagues that are ready to assist you and to help you grow
The possibility of working (in alternation) on a variety of projects & technologies. Each of our colleagues belongs to several project-teams
Permanent feedback, performance evaluations on a monthly basis
Close communication within the team. The possibility of bringing suggestions & raising issues directly to the management
Technical training on a wide variety of technologies, to cover the different types of projects & platforms that we use in our projects
Other Benefits

Private healthcare (Medlife)
Gym membership discount (World Class Fitness / 7card)
Open space terrace
Nap rooms
Relaxation room (equipped with PS4, large screen TV, laptop, books etc.)
Fresh fruits in the office. Regular dinners with the team. Teambuilding
About Our Recruiting Process

For this position we have a 2-step recruitment process:
Technical interview: logic & programming test on paper, then a PC-based programming test (OOP + developing a small program) (total duration 5.5h, can be split between different days, depending on your preference)
Holding an in-person interview with the management
Our Company

We are a team of passionate people, innovative and unique individuals who enjoy collaborating to develop modern & reliable software products and platforms for our customers
Over the past 17 years, many organizations and companies have contracted SBP to develop complex software solutions, redesign and improve existing platforms & systems, design and implement web concepts & web solutions, develop and maintain mobile applications
We explore every prospective project with professionalism and enthusiasm. That’s who we have been. That’s who we are today.




Constructor
Backend & API Engineer - Catalog Management (Remote)
RemoteLisbon, Lisbon, PortugalEngineering

OVERVIEW
APPLICATION
Description
Job Description: Backend & API Engineer - Catalog Management
Description
You're an engineer who loves solving problems, learning, and making people's lives easier. You enjoy thinking about the product as a whole and developing features that work seamlessly and reliably. You get satisfaction from building a scalable product that people love to use. You enjoy jumping between different layers of the stack and you’re equipped with a wide range of tools and technologies. You take pride in your reliable code and embrace automated testing as unequivocally good. You are motivated to balance cutting edge technology with stability and robustness to build something truly useful. You want to build things you can be proud of, and work with an international team of experienced, passionate engineers.

As a Backend Engineer in the Catalog Management team, you will be a key player in the development and maintenance of catalog management related subsystems and will play a crucial role in ensuring the accuracy, completeness, and accessibility of customers catalog data.

The Catalog Management team is responsible for processing catalog updates & delivering them to all internal teams as quickly and as efficiently as possible. You will provide different ways to interact with product catalog data, which sits at the center of everything we build, so all of our customers and many internal teams will be relying on your work on a daily basis.

You will work closely with cross-functional teams to implement new features, enhance system performance, and ensure the seamless functionality of our platform. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced engineer looking to make a significant impact in a high-growth environment.

About Us
Constructor.io powers product search and discovery for some of the largest retailers in the world, like Sephora and Petco. We serve billions of requests every day, and you’ve probably seen our results somewhere and used our product without knowing it. We differentiate ourselves by focusing on metrics over features, and reinventing search and discovery from the ground up as a machine learning challenge with the specific goal of improving metrics like revenue. We have grown several hundred percent YoY for the last 2 years and have customers in every eCommerce vertical, around the world, and spanning many languages.

We’re a passionate team of technologists who love solving problems and want to make our customers’ and coworkers’ lives better. We value empathy, openness, curiosity, continuous improvement, and are excited by metrics that matter. We believe that empowering everyone in a company to do what they think is best can lead to great things.

Requirements
You will be successful in this role if you've done some or all of the below:

Proficient in Python
Have experience with large-scale data processing
Have experience with server-side coding and API design
Have worked at a high-traffic website and designed highly available and robust systems
Have experience with relational databases and distributed systems
Enjoy being part of the product development process and incorporating customer feedback into your solutions.
Enjoy working across the full stack, contributing to all layers of feature development
Love designing and implementing new features
Enjoy helping others around you grow as developers and be successful
Can work independently
Pick up new ideas and technologies quickly, love learning and talking to others about them
Love to experiment and use data and customer feedback to drive decision making
Benefits
Unlimited vacation time -we strongly encourage all of our employees take at least 3 weeks per year
A competitive compensation package including stock options
Fully remote team - choose where you live
Work from home stipend! We want you to have the resources you need to set up your home office
Apple laptops provided for new employees
Training and development budget for every employee, refreshed each year
Parentall leave for qualified employees
Work with smart people who will help you grow and make a meaningful impact.



Data Analyst : A/B-tests and customer onboarding (Remote)
RemoteLisbon, Lisbon, PortugalEngineeringFull time

OVERVIEW
APPLICATION
Description
About us

Constructor powers product search and discovery for some of the largest retailers in the world, like Sephora and Petco. We serve billions of requests every day, and you’ve probably seen our results somewhere and used our product without knowing it. We differentiate ourselves by focusing on metrics over features, and reinventing search and discovery from the ground up as a machine learning challenge with the specific goal of improving metrics like revenue. We have grown several hundred percent YoY for the last 2 years and have customers in every eCommerce vertical, around the world, and spanning many languages.

We’re a passionate team of technologists who love solving problems and want to make our customers’ and coworkers’ lives better. We value empathy, openness, curiosity, continuous improvement, and are excited by metrics that matter. We believe that empowering everyone in a company to do what they think is best can lead to great things.

Data Science Integrations team

Providing measurable KPI lifts is the goal of our platform, and most customers want to prove it running an A/B-test against either an in-house solution or one of our competitors. We have no doubts that our product discovery platform is the most effective on the market, and constantly prove it with huge conversion lifts in tests.

The Data Science Integrations team ensures that we run successful A/B tests at scale while minimizing manual engineering effort. The team owns the customer onboarding process from a data quality standpoint, verifies the quality of customer integrations and tracking, and ensures that Constructor algorithms work as expected when ramping out tests to live customers

The team consists of a mix of data analysts & data engineers. As a member of the Data Science Integrations team, you will use world-class analytical, engineering and data processing techniques to build the foundational infrastructure, tooling and analytical capabilities to enable the business to move forward. You will be working with leading e-commerce companies in the world to make our platform work at 100%, collaborating with almost every engineering team at Constructor.

Challenges you will tackle
Take initiative and perform data exploration to understand user behavior, suggest opportunities for improving our recommender & search systems, and implement pipelines for data delivery, as well as UX/UI changes.
Ideate and deliver analytical insights to merchandizers to enable effective decision making and provide the best possible results during evaluation
Help the Customer Success team to communicate with merchandizers, fulfill their needs during integration, and provide best results for online metrics
Collaborate with the Customer Integrations team to make sure customers are integrated without bugs and with sufficient tracking to power data pipelines and models for search engine.
Requirements
You are proficient in BI tools (data analysis, building dashboards for engineers and non-technical folks).
You are an excellent communicator with the ability to translate business asks into a technical language and vice versa.
You are excited to leverage massive amounts of data to drive product innovation & deliver business value.
You're familiar with math statistics (A/B-tests)
You are proficient at SQL (any variant), well-versed in exploratory data analysis with Python (pandas & numpy, data visualization libraries). Big plus is practical familiarity with the big data stack (Spark, Presto/Athena, Hive).
You are adept at fast prototyping and providing analytical support for initiatives in the e-commerce space by identifying & focusing on relevant features & metrics.
You are willing to develop and maintain effective communication tools to report business performance and inform decision-making at a cross-functional level.
Stack: athena/presto, python (notebooks), databricks, google analytics.
Benefits
Unlimited vacation time -we strongly encourage all of our employees take at least 3 weeks per year
A competitive compensation package including stock options
Company sponsored US health coverage (100% paid for employee)
Fully remote team - choose where you live
Work from home stipend! We want you to have the resources you need to set up your home office
Apple laptops provided for new employees
Training and development budget for every employee, refreshed each year
Parental leave for qualified employees
Work with smart people who will help you grow and make a meaningful impact


Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Constructor

At Constructor.io we are committed to cultivating a work environment that is diverse, equitable, and inclusive. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome individuals of all backgrounds and provide equal opportunities to all applicants regardless of their education, diversity of opinion, race, color, religion, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status or affiliation in any other protected group. Studies have shown that women and people of color may be less likely to apply for jobs unless they meet every one of the qualifications listed. Our primary interest is in finding the best candidate for the job. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all of our listed qualifications.



Enterprise Account Executive
Constructor  United States
3 months ago  136 applicants
  
See who Constructor has hired for this role
Apply
Save

About US

Constructor powers product search and discovery for some of the largest retailers in the world, like Sephora and Petco. We serve billions of requests every day, and you've probably seen our results somewhere and used our product without knowing it. We differentiate ourselves by focusing on metrics over features, and reinventing search and discovery from the ground up as a machine learning challenge with the specific goal of improving metrics like revenue. We have grown several hundred percent YoY for the last 2 years and have customers in every eCommerce vertical, around the world, and spanning many languages.

We're a passionate team of technologists who love solving problems and want to make our customers' and coworkers' lives better. We value empathy, openness, curiosity, continuous improvement, and are excited by metrics that matter. We believe that empowering everyone in a company to do what they think is best can lead to great things.

About YOU

As an Enterprise Account Executive, you'll be building relationships with high-value prospective customers by learning about their organizational structure, influencers, and decision makers. You'll be managing the entire process of the sales cycle and be responsible for negotiating prices and marshaling our engineering and resources to close the sale. You'll learn about our customers' needs and provide continuous feedback to the product team to ensure that we're always building features that our customers find valuable.

About The Team

We're a passionate team that loves challenges and wants to make people's lives better. We value openness, curiosity, and continuous improvement. We believe that empowering everyone in a company to do what they think is best can lead to great things.

Requirements

You will be successful in this role if you:

Have a minimum of 4+ years of proven experience selling technical commercial or enterprise SaaS solutions, preferred Marketing technology experience
Have a proven track record of meeting or exceeding your sales numbers in a competitive environment
Have experience building consensus and urgency in customers needed to close six-figure deals
Have experience selling SaaS solutions into accounts with 90+ day sales cycles
Can motivate urgency in the customer to reduce the time-to-sale
Are skilled at negotiating business terms with line-of-business, procurement and contract teams, senior management and/or C-level executives
Have a proven ability in managing complex, enterprise sales cycles from start to finish, from business champion to the CEO level - effectively demonstrating the product and the business and economic benefits to each stakeholder
Must have a Bachelor's degree. Previous Sales Methodology training, SaaS Performance Management or Applications experience, and strong customer references preferred

Benefits

🏝️ Unlimited vacation time -we strongly encourage all of our employees take at least 3 weeks per year
💰 A competitive compensation package including stock options
🌎 Fully remote team - choose where you live
🛋️ Work from home stipend! We want you to have the resources you need to set up your home office
💻 Apple laptops provided for new employees
🧑‍🎓 Training and development budget for every employee, refreshed each year
👪 Parental leave for qualified employees
🧠 Work with smart people who will help you grow and make a meaningful impact



Hipo.ro
Full-Stack Developer
Hipo.ro  Ilfov, Romania
3 weeks ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Hipo.ro has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

Requirements

Short company description

Who You Are

Bachelor in Informatics or Master in Computer Science (or related).

Substantial knowledge of both back-end (Node.js, MongoDB, SQL, AMQP) and front-end (ES6, HTML5, CSS3) development.

You understand common software engineering practices (git, unit testing, code documentation, continuous integration, dependency management, monitoring, version management,.. ).

An instinct for software architecture and micro-services. Knowledge of Docker is a plus.

You have a solid comprehension of web technologies (HTTP, HTTP/2, WS,..) and API development (JSON, OAuth, JWT, ..).

Good understanding of database design concepts.

You love to experiment and explore new technologies/frameworks.

Ability to handle the pressure and flexibility of a young company.

You're fluent in English.

Responsibilities

What you'll do:

Prototype and develop scalable and reliable software solutions

Enforce quality through test-driven development

Ensure maintainability by documenting code and solution

Act as a mentor for colleagues and help sharing knowledge

Translate business requirements in a robust, performant and secure technical solution



Senior Mechanical Engineer, R&D
Stryker
Cork, Ireland
Who we want:
Self-directed activators. People who take ownership of their work and need no prompting to drive productivity, change, and outcomes;
Motivated product launchers. People who bring strategic direction and drive for execution to ensure products are developed and launched with precision;
User-focused creators. People who imagine with the user in mind, developing technology that helps change patients’ lives.
What you will do:
Design and launch innovative new medical devices;
Be the technical lead for a multifunctional project team;
Liaise with surgeons to define user needs and ensure the product meets and exceeds expectations.
Technical Responsibilities:
Under minimal supervision, research, design, develop, modify, and verify components/modules for medical devices;
Translate design inputs to engineering specifications and produce sub-system level designs;
Develop and analyze solutions, prototyping one or more options to provide proof of concept;
Apply fundamental and some advanced concepts, practices and procedures for problem solving.
Business Responsibilities:
Demonstrate advanced understanding of customer needs and design inputs;
Demonstrate proficiency with product’s intended use and clinical procedures;
Learn how the financial models are constructed.
Med Device Compliance:
Follow fundamental industry standards, design requirements and test strategies which apply to regulatory requirements;
Independently create or refine engineering documentation, such as the Design History file;
Follow R&D procedure like design controls and risk management, per the Quality Management System.
General Responsibilities:
Under minimal supervision, work with R&D, Quality, Manufacturing, Regulatory, Clinical, Marketing and Project Management to ensure project success;
Quickly process and assimilate procedures, policies, processes, systems, and technology required;
Work on complex problems, applying advanced experience and learnings;
Demonstrate ownership and prioritize work with minimal supervision;
Works as key member of the team, collaborating with others and solidifying relationships.
Minimum Qualifications (Required):
Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or BioMedical & 2+ years of work experience.
Preferred Qualifications (Strongly desired):
Technical Skills:
Working knowledge and understanding of mechanical engineering practices and design principles;
Technical ability to create engineering drawings and models, applying GD&T and CAE tools;
Demonstrated ability to apply knowledge of materials and manufacturing processes to product design;
Ability to Communicate basic plans and technical information to team members.




Medical Nurse in Belgium
Mudita  Bucharest, Bucharest, Romania
1 month ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
Join the 3 million nurses using LinkedIn to get hired
Apply 

Save

Start working as a medical nurse in Belgium

Mudita in collaboration with Moving People is recruiting nurses whether experienced or not. Various work options await, including roles in hospitals, or elderly homes. Moreover, Moving People is one of the pioneers and experts in European expatriation for all healthcare professions.

Nursing Excellence Awaits in Belgium!

Are you a dedicated nurse seeking an incredible opportunity abroad? Then, look no further!

Embark on a rewarding journey with us in beautiful Belgium. Nursing Excellence is our priority, hence, if you join our esteemed team, you will enter a world of numerous possibilities.

Why Choose Us?

Moving People collaborates with numerous healthcare facilities in Belgium. Because we respect our clients, we are also committed to fostering a supportive and dynamic environment where your nursing skills can thrive.

Moreover, here's what sets us apart:

Intensive Language Courses: We understand the importance of effective communication. Considering this, we offer intensive French or Dutch courses, particularly ensuring that you feel confident and capable in your new role.
Long-Term Stability: Say goodbye to uncertainty! Therefore we offer long-term contracts, providing you with the stability you need to focus on delivering exceptional patient care.
Full Administrative Support: Navigating a new country's bureaucracy can be overwhelming. Due to this reason, our dedicated team is here to provide full administrative support, making your transition seamless.
Relocation Assistance: Although moving to a new country is a big step, we'll be there every step of the way. Hence, we will offer you relocation assistance to help you settle comfortably in Belgium.
Hassle-Free Transport: We've got your travel covered! We provide transportation to Belgium, ensuring a smooth and stress-free journey.
Tailored Job Opportunities: Most importantly, your preferences matter. We're dedicated to finding a job that aligns with your skills and interests, ensuring your professional satisfaction.


Eligibility Criteria:

EU Degree: Everyone who has a recognized nursing degree within the European Union is eligible

If you do not have your diploma from an EU country, you have to have a minimum of 3 years of nursing experience following the recognition of your diploma in an EU country.

Are you ready to take the next step? Then contact us today for detailed information! Whether you prefer a private message or reaching out via the contact details below, we're excited to connect with you and answer all your questions.

Contact Us:

Whatsapp: +40724050716

Email: info@muditarecruit.com

Phone: +40724050716

Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity to embark on a fulfilling nursing career in Belgium. Join us today and be part of our journey towards Nursing Excellence!


Bread Production Team Member- job post
Whole Foods Market
(part of Amazon.com)
3.6out of 5
Aurora, CO 80011
$15.00 - $27.56 an hour - Full-time
Whole Foods Market
Aurora, CO 80011
$15.00 - $27.56 an hour
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Profile insights
Find out how your skills align with the job description
Skills

Do you have experience in Supervising experience?
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay
$15.00 - $27.56 an hour
Job type
Full-time
Shift and schedule
8 hour shift
Weekends as needed
Rotating weekends
Holidays
&nbsp;
Location
Aurora, CO 80011
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Store discount
&nbsp;
Full job description
Job Description
As a Bread Production Team Member, you will work together with other Team Members to assure all production goals are met and exceeded while abiding by the strictest standards of physical and food safety, freshness, and sanitation.
Job Requirements and Basic Qualifications
Prepare bakery products according to recipes. (Scaling)
Follow completion of daily prep lists and job assignments.
Follow through on all Team Leader and Supervisor instructions and requests.
Ensure all coolers and shelves are kept clean, well-stocked, and product properly rotated.
Follow established food safety, cleaning, and practice proper care and maintenance of all equipment.
Read, understand, and follow daily distribution sheets.
Be aware of new products and recipes that become available.
Monitor, document, and control product transfers, waste, and spoilage.
Ensure the accuracy of product mix to meet varied customer dietary needs.
Monitor product availability, preparation and storage
Accurately maintain all documentation as required including pre op, HACCP, FSMA and any other documentation as required
Responsible for monitoring safety of equipment and informing Leadership when safety issues need to be addressed.
Attend and complete all required trainings.
Follow proper use of all equipment such as knives, personal protective equipment, hand trucks, six-wheel carts, baler, and all other equipment used during preparation and clean up within department and facility.
Arrive to work on time, wear appropriate PPE, work all scheduled shifts, complete required trainings, and attend required meetings.
Must be 18 years of age or older.
Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities
Ability to deliver information in a clear and concise manner to fellow Team Members.
Ability to complete all tasks in a thorough and timely manner.
Demonstrate responsibility and accountability in recognizing and accomplishing all tasks where there is a direct job responsibility.
Attention to detail and thoroughness.
Able to work well with others, self-motivated, and capable of working independently with little supervision.
Skills/Requirements and Professional Knowledge:
Team player with a positive attitude. Ability to read and speak basic English.
Good communication skills
Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize and meet deadlines.
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
Able to work in temperatures from -10 to 100 degrees.
Hand use: single grasping, fine manipulation
Ability to stand or walk at least 8 hours, and be able to frequently push, pull, squat, bend and reach with or without reasonable accommodation.
Ability to lift 50 lbs. unassisted. Sometimes frequently throughout the day.
Availability Requirements:
Average shifts are 8 hours long.
Ability to work a rotating schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed.

SBP
SOFTWARE TESTER

The Ideal Candidate

Should be willing to learn new things
Individual responsability and a strong desire for personal achievements
Troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Good organizational skills and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously and to prioritize tickets based on the business needs
Mandatory Requirements

A minimum of 1 year experience as Quality Assurance Tester or similar role (experience in working with debug environments)
Knowledge of testing methodologies (functional, non-functional, end-to-end, regression testing)
Critical thinking – understand project goals and challenge requirements for completeness and accuracy
Knowledge and drive to improve processes
Agile development and testing concept knowledge
Good English skills (at least intermediate level)
College graduate / college student
Job Description

Testing software, using several platforms & technologies, for a variety of projects (enterprise software, multimedia, web / mobile, networking etc.)
Verticals: online business services (SaaS), elearning, healthcare, telecom, manufacturing etc.
Platforms: we develop software for a wide range of platforms (including mobile, desktop, web). We also develop cross-platform applications (which are compatible with several platforms & operating systems: Windows / Mac OS X / Linux / Android / iOS)
Types of projects that we develop in our company: enterprise software (document management, ERP, CRM etc.), multimedia applications (video / sound / image processing) etc.
Your Responsibilities

Planning, implementing and running software tests and test cases
Recording, tracking and managing bug reports
Writing test reports
Carrying out complex testing tasks independently
Automated testing; writing, running and maintaining scripts
Work in collaboration with our developers to solve issues and ensure that the end product is compliant to specifications
Perform regular tests on the product and/or tools in order to ensure the required quality
What Are the Benefits of Working at SBP?

We offer competitive salaries, periodical raises, performance bonuses & gratifications
You will enjoy the opportunity to be part of a pleasant and friendly team, who shares the same values. You will learn on a daily basis and you will be able to develop your career in a professional environment, among colleagues that are ready to assist you and to help you grow
The possibility of working (in alternation) on a variety of projects. Each of our colleagues belongs to several project-teams
Permanent feedback, performance evaluations on a monthly basis
Close communication within the team. The possibility of bringing suggestions & raising issues directly to the management
Other Benefits

Flexible work schedule
Remote / work from home
Private healthcare (Medlife)
Gym membership discount (World Class Fitness / 7card)
Bookster membership
Nap rooms
Relaxation room (equipped with PS4, large screen TV, laptop, books etc.)
Regular activities with the team. Team building



Front-End Developer
Hasna  Romania
2 weeks ago   Over 200 applicants
  
See who Hasna has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from Hasna

Andrei HasnaClick here to view Andrei Hasna’s profile
Andrei Hasna
Founder, CEO @ Hasna
About us:

Hasna is a collective innovation hub. Our mission is to change the nature of living, and there is tremendous work to be done. We unite brilliant minds from a multitude of disciplines and build start-ups together to tackle both global and local challenges across various sectors, including health and wellness, education and knowledge sharing, economic equality, sustainable energy, regenerative agriculture, space exploration, and more.



Job Purpose:



As a Front End Developer at Hasna, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining the user interface of our ventures, ensuring they are user-friendly and visually appealing.





What you’ll do:



Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design and develop user interfaces for our ventures.
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs.
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability.
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to the back-end.
Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency.




Qualifications:



At least 4 years of experience as a Front End Developer.
Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3.
Proficiency in JavaScript and Node.js.
Experience with responsive design and development.
Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angular.
Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
Understanding of version control systems such as Git.
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.


What’s in it for you:

Allocated budget for learning & development programs and an individual career plan;
Competitive salary;
Participation at different conferences and events;
Private health benefit package;
Seniority bonuses;
Seniority paid vacation leave after one year;
Flexible work schedule;
Comfortable office, easy to reach from any spot of the city, when you need to come by;
Exciting company events – team buildings, team events, celebrations etc;
Remote and Hybrid working environment.



MindPal
Fullstack Developer (Node.JS & React)
MindPal  Alba Iulia, Alba, Romania
7 months ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who MindPal has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

We are seeking a skilled Node.js and React Developer


If you are passionate about web development and have a solid understanding of both Node.js and React, we'd love to know you better!


Responsibilities


Develop and maintain efficient and scalable web applications using Node.js and React
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
Troubleshoot and resolve software defects and issues
Optimize application performance for maximum speed and scalability
Stay updated with industry trends and emerging technologies


Requirements


At least 2 years of professional experience as a Node.js and React Developer
Strong proficiency in Node.js and React frameworks
Solid understanding of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
Experience with RESTful APIs and third-party libraries
Familiarity with version control systems (e.g., Git)
Strong problem-solving and debugging skills
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills


We Offer


B2B contract type
Full-time job
Remote and flexible working hours
Show less 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Staffing and Recruiting



Python Developer
MindPal  Alba Iulia, Alba, Romania
4 months ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who MindPal has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

We are looking for a mid/senior Python Developer

Responsibilities

Maintenance and development of the backend of an e-commerce application based on Django Rest Framework
Writing unit tests for new functionalities
Delivering readable and transparent code
Building dashboards based on SQL queries and processing the results
Direct contact with the client

Requirements

Minimum 3 years of experience working with Python
Knowledge of Django, Django Rest Framework, Docker, Docker-compose, relational databases (e.g. PostgreSQL), Flask, Redis, Celery, postgresql
English at least B2
Understanding the right patterns and algorithms
Practical analytical skills
Nice to have: Kubernetes, graphql, AWS / Google Cloud as well as Agile / SCRUM / Kanban

We Offer

B2B contract type
Full-time job
Remote and flexible working hours




Office Manager
Metric Geo  Kansas City Metropolitan Area
1 week ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  
See who Metric Geo has hired for this role
Apply
Save

Direct message the job poster from Metric Geo

Ollie CliftClick here to view Ollie Clift’s profile
Ollie Clift
Director | Metric Geo | Flow Control & Water
About the Client:

Metric Search is now working with an air compressor and vacuum pump manufacturer on an exciting new assignment. Our client manufacturers a world-leading product and aim to provide their customers with unrivalled service levels. They have expressive values and a clear vision to provide its customers with the best solutions on the market.



Office Manager:

The Office Manager is in charge of managing and overseeing various operations in their Kansias City branch. This is a crucial position that will wear many hats. You’ll be responsible for managing an Inside Sales and Operations team, whilst also supporting the sales and service teams. You will be customer facing and responsible for handling customer queries and growing accounts where possible. You will also have oversight of inventory and logistics.



Key responsibilities:

· Manage a team of inside sales and operations employees

· Provide support to sales and service teams

· Understand customer needs and requirements, and communicating this with management

· Oversee inventory and some warehouse responsibilities

· Manage teams performance

Qualifications:

· 5 years’ experience in office management or operations

· The ability to work effectively and efficiently in an autonomous role

· Experience leading a team of direct reports (inside sales experience is a plus)

· Experience working for an industrial manufacturer/distributor is a plus, not essential

· Based in the Kansas city area and able to be on site 5 days a week


Interested?

If you feel that you possess the necessary skills to excel in a Office Manager position in a technical company, please apply within.


Meta
Incident Response Team Analyst
Meta  Washington, DC
1 day ago  58 applicants
  
See who Meta has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

Meta provided pay range
This range is provided by Meta. Your actual pay will be based on your skills and experience — talk with your recruiter to learn more.

Base pay range
$88,000.00/yr - $130,000.00/yr
The Facebook Legal team is seeking a motivated, highly-organized, detail-oriented candidate to join our Incident Response Team. The right candidate must have a strong work ethic, excellent judgment, and exceptional partnering skills. The position is full-time.

Incident Response Team Analyst Responsibilities:

Bring operational excellence to team that evaluates threat, risk and user privacy in world centered around time critical emergency escalations
Review and assess inbound emergency escalations, make immediate decisions based on variety of complex factors that will include imminence, sensitive issues and graphic content and coordinate with a number of internal and external partners including law enforcement in an attempt to ensure user’s safety
Be willing and able to work with sensitive issues and content that includes child exploitation, graphic violence, self-injury and suicide and other content which may be considered offensive or disturbing
Create and articulate responses to questions from law enforcement, government agencies, and internal teams regarding Incident Response policy and process
Work with cross-functional teams to drive improvements to policies and processes across teams
Availability to work weekend days on a rotational basis or a regular schedule of either Tuesday-Saturday or Sunday-Thursday
As this role will need to respond to Foreign Government and Law Enforcement Agencies globally, multiple language proficiency is essential for the team. Higher volume of interactions with these foreign agencies are in Hindi, Portuguese and Spanish

Minimum Qualifications:

3+ years of relevant experience in investigative or analytical roles involving time critical escalations and real world harm
Self-starter requiring minimal direction
Proven experience making important decisions independently and multi-tasking under pressure, responding quickly to changing situations in complex environments without compromising quality
Experience with social media, analytical tools and online research

Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelors degree
Excellent communication skills, should be experience adapting communication style to suit different stakeholders like cross-functional teams and law enforcement
Project Management, Operations or Process Improvement Experience
Experience working with Crisis Management, Government Agencies or Law Enforcement
Multiple language proficiency to deal with Foreign Law Enforcement/Government Agencies (Hindi, Portuguese and/or Spanish preferred)

About Meta:

Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.

Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.x




Back-end Developer Internship
Connatix  Cluj-Napoca, Cluj, Romania
2 weeks ago   Over 200 applicants
  
See who Connatix has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

When: 24.07 - 24.09.2024

Deadline To Apply: 7.04.2024

Connatix, the most advanced video platform for publishers, powers the video advertising businesses of the largest media companies in the world including Huffpost, Accuweather, Time Inc. and Tribune Media. We are headquartered in New York City, with offices in Chicago- USA, Tel Aviv- Israel, London - UK, and Cluj-Napoca, Romania.

Job Description

What you'll be doing?

As a Back-end Developer Intern, you will be part of a hybrid team with front-end, back-end, and dedicated QA, working in 2-week sprints. The solutions that we are building are trying to cover a vast pool of use cases for our publishers, therefore scalability, performance, and flexibility are the main pillars in the development process. Designs develop and manage application solutions for the business and get involved in the Software Development Life Cycle;

Work closely with peer developers to plan, execute and review day by day tasks
Build reusable code and libraries for future use
Optimize the application for maximum speed and scalability
Integration of user-facing elements when needed
You will be actively involved in research and innovation (try multiple methods/techniques in searching for a solution).
Develop the technical documentation for products/projects in which they are involved (i.e. business rules design, process design, service design, security and control design, database model, etc.). Collaborates with the team (PM, developers, and QAs) to ensure that project deliverables meet the required quality standards.

Qualifications:

IT/Technical University Graduates/ Master students, or Students in final years / Professional Reconversions that were involved in other previous IT workshops and certifications, interested in working in IT in a successful product company
Previous experience in personal projects,
Ideally previous experience with relational database application development and/or ORM frameworks
Clean code focus
Passion for technology and willingness to work in a product company, interested in developing their skills and learning
Professional attitude, excellent communication skills
Excellent interpersonal communications and technical writing skills
Great problem solving and time management abilities
Fluent in English

Additional Information

To be open-minded and a team player
To have the ability to organize and prioritize their work
To have a proactive attitude and to deeply care about the quality of their work

We are a young, fun team, and we like to have responsible colleagues who are able to complete their tasks in a flexible way and work as they desire. We are looking for colleagues that will contribute to our great chemistry and make our team even stronger.

This is a great opportunity for the right candidate. If you are a team player who likes friendly, non-corporate environments and is looking to make a true impact, let's meet and talk about it.

Life is short. Work someplace great!

Connatix offers a dynamic, flexible work environment with a competitive salary. The challenges we solve are serious, but we're not. We have fun every day because we love what we do. We are on a mission to shape the future of native video and this is your chance to be part of it. Want to join the team that's already thinking about what interactive media is going to look like five years from now?



Marketing Analyst
Duolingo  New York, NY
1 day ago   Over 200 applicants
  
See who Duolingo has hired for this role
Apply 

Save

Pay found in job post
Retrieved from the description.

Base pay range
$82,700.00/yr - $179,700.00/yr
Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But we’ve got more left to do — and that’s where you come in!

Duolingo is the world's most popular learning app. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.

We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!

We are building a world class marketing organization at Duolingo with the goal to make a significant impact on the company's rapid global growth. We are both innovative and rigorous as we build out our marketing analytics function. For this growing team, we're looking for a curious marketing analyst to help us build the foundations of measuring and understanding the impact of our media spend. You will serve as a bridge between marketing and the data science team and play a key role in enabling more data-driven marketing campaigns for Duolingo.

Duolingo is the most popular language learning application in the world, with over 300 million learners and hundreds of billions of data points. We are passionate about educating our learners, making fact-based decisions, and finding elegant solutions to complex problems. While we take our mission to heart, we don’t take ourselves too seriously; we are creative, and we have fun at work every day. If this sounds like you, then come help us build the next-generation learning company!

You Will...

Create data driven insights about the impact of our global performance marketing campaigns
Develop new approaches to grow our user base through data driven marketing optimization
Collaborate with our international marketing, social media, and CRM team to support campaign decisions
Partner with our data science team to better understand our new user cohorts and user behaviors
Act as a thought partner in defining the company’s marketing key performance indicators and tracking progress against target metrics
Mold data from multiple sources to answer key strategic marketing questions
Partner with marketing tech to influence and prototype backend data design, build intuitive and readable dashboards using visualization tools (e.g., Tableau), and extract actionable insights
Bridge analytics and marketing, speaking both languages

You Have...

Minimum of a Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or another related STEM degree field
At least 2 years of experience as a marketing analyst working with data from digital campaigns
Strong expertise using SQL to extract, clean, and transform data in large, complex, nested, databases
Expertise working with R, Python, or other statistical software
Proficiency with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Data Studio for data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation
Strong ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with meticulous attention to detail
Demonstrated strong intellectual curiosity
Able to work in our New York office

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Experience querying large data warehouses (e.g. AWS/Redshift and Google Cloud)
Experience with digital subscription and in-app purchase mobile businesses with millions of users
An impressive Duolingo XP or streak!

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingo’s world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, $ 82,700 - $ 179,700 . Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.

Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits here .

Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice .


